Gift,
Commercial,
Personal, Not for Resale
Sample
Return for Repair
Return after Repair
Return to Seller



DHL Express provides insurance services that offer our customers financial protection against all risks of physical loss or damage from an external cause.

 

About Shipment Insurance
The cover is provided by way of a policy issued by AIG Europe Limited (“the Insurer”), which is a member company of American International Group, Inc.

The Insurer is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.

DHL are the insured under Open Policy cover in accordance with the terms of a master policy number 63107734. DHL act as agent for the Insurer.

The cover applies to goods carried under a single Waybill.

The information shown here is only a summary of what is covered by Shipment Insurance, formerly known as Shipper’s Interest Insurance. It does not form part of a contract of insurance.

Shipment Insurance provides financial protection against all risks of physical loss or damage to goods during transportation, from an external cause.

 

Charge
The standard charge of Shipment Insurance for Express documents and parcels is 1.5% of the actual value of the goods you have declared (subject to a minimum charge of £12.00 GBP). This charge includes Insurance Premium Tax where applicable.

The Shipment Insurance provides compensation for recoverable losses subject to the terms of the policy document and the general exclusions shown below.

A copy of the Shipment Insurance policy is available upon request by emailing: gb.csinsurance@dhl.com

Although DHL can arrange the insurance for you, it cannot provide you with advice as to the suitability of coverage.

In arranging Shipment Insurance DHL will require you to disclose:

(a) all relevant information relating to the content and value of the goods to enable DHL to identify your requirements; and

(b) all facts and circumstances that are material to the provision of the Shipment Insurance cover.

 

The insurance cover contains coverage exclusions, not limited to the following:

• Ordinary leakage, loss in weight or volume, or wear and tear of the shipment

• Loss, damage or expense caused by insufficiency or, unsuitability of packaging or, preparation of the shipment

• Consequential losses, loss of profit or interest, any indirect losses

• Loss, damage or expense caused by inherent vice or nature of the shipment

• Loss, damage or expense attributable to the wilful misconduct by the insured or its agents

• Loss, damage or expense caused by delay

 

Basis of loss settlement
Cover is limited to the actual value of goods declared by you. Evidence may be requested to substantiate the declared value in the event of a claim.

 

In the event of total loss of your insured shipment, you will also be entitled to a refund of the freight charge. In the event of a partial loss, you will be entitled to a refund of the relevant proportion of the freight charge. There is no excess or deductible applicable to the insurance.

 

High Value Cover
For shipments with an insurance value over £400,000, please contact DHL Customer Service on 0344 248 0879 quoting “High Value Authorisation”.

 

Cancellation of the contract
You may cancel your insurance with DHL before the collection by or delivery to DHL of your shipment.

 

How to make a claim
If you wish to make a claim, you should always notify DHL as soon as practicable, but in any event, no later than 30 days following actual or scheduled delivery, whichever is earlier.

 

Claims and complaints should be made to the following:

 

Contact our Claims Team by phone on 0344 248 0879 or write to DHL at:

 


DHL International (UK) Ltd
Customer Claims
Cargo West, East Midlands Airport
Castle Donington
Derbyshire
DE74 2TR

 

Or email at: gb.csinsurance@dhl.com
















